[Music]
but please job here my speech and listen
to all my words now I open my mouth my
tongue speaks in my mouth my words come
from my upright heart my lips utter pure
knowledge the Spirit of God has made me
and the breath of the almighty gives me
life if you can answer me set your words
in order before me take your stand truly
I am
as your spokesman before God I also have
been formed out of clay surely no fear
of me will terrify you nor will my hand
be heavy on you surely you have spoken
in my hearing and I have heard the sound
of your words saying I am pure without
transgression I am innocent
and there is no iniquity in me yet he
finds occasions against me he counts me
as his enemy he puts my feet in the
stocks he watches all my paths
[Music]
in this you are not righteous I will
answer you for God is greater than man
why do you contend with him for he does
not give an accounting of any of his
words for God may speak in one way or in
another yet man does not perceive it in
a dream in a vision of the night when
deep sleep falls upon men while
slumbering on their beds then he opens
the ears of men and seals their
instruction in order to turn man from
his deed and conceal pride from man
he keeps back his soul from the pit and
his life from perishing by the sword man
is also chastened with pain on his bed
and with strong pain in many of his
bones so that his life abhors bread and
his soul succulent food his flesh wastes
away from sight and his bones stick out
which once were not seen yes his soul
draws near the pit and his life to the
executioner's if there is a messenger
for him a mediator one among a thousand
to show man his uprightness then he is
gracious to him and says deliver him
from going down to the pit I have found
a ransom
his flesh shall be young like a child's
he shall return to the days of his youth
he shall pray to God and He will delight
in him he shall see his face with joy
for he restores to man his righteousness
then he looks at men and says I have
sinned
and perverted what was right and it did
not profit me he will redeem his soul
from going down to the pit and his life
shall see the light behold God works all
these things twice in fact three times
with a man to bring back his soul from
the pit that he may be enlightened with
the light of life
give ear job listen to me hold your
peace and I will speak if you have
anything to say answer me
speak for I desire to justify you if not
listen to me hold your peace
and I will teach you wisdom
you
[Music]